[Click here to return to Amazon Web Services
homepage](https://aws.amazon.com/?nc2=h_lg)

[Contact Sales](https://aws.amazon.com/contact-us/?nc2=h_header)
[Support](https://console.aws.amazon.com/support/home?nc2=h_ql_cu)
[English **](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)
[My
Account **](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Sign In to the
Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/console/home?nc2=h_ct&src=header-signin)

**

-   [Products](https://aws.amazon.com/products/?nc2=h_ql_prod)
-   [Solutions](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/?nc2=h_ql_sol)
-   [Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/?nc2=h_ql_pr)
-   [Learn](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/?nc2=h_ql_gs)
-   [Partner Network](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/?nc2=h_ql_pn)
-   [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/?nc2=h_ql_mk)
-   [Explore More](https://aws.amazon.com/contact-us/?nc2=h_header)

** **

``` {aria-hidden="true" style="position: absolute; visibility: hidden; white-space: pre; font-family: Arial; font-size: 14px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: 400; word-spacing: 0px; letter-spacing: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-rendering: auto; text-transform: none;"}
```

**

**

[Featured
Services](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Analytics](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Application
Integration](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[AR &
VR](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[AWS Cost
Management](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Business
Productivity](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Compute](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Customer
Engagement](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Database](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Desktop & App
Streaming](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Developer
Tools](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Game
Development](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Internet of
Things](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Machine
Learning](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Management
Tools](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Media
Services](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Migration](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Mobile
Services](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Network & Content
Delivery](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Security, Identity, &
Compliance](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Storage](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[Featured Services](https://aws.amazon.com/products/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon EC2 Virtual servers in the
cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)Scalable storage in the
cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon AuroraHigh performance managed relational
database](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon DynamoDBManaged NoSQL
database](https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon RDSManaged relational database service for MySQL, PostgreSQL,
Oracle, SQL Server, and MariaDB](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS LambdaRun code without thinking about
servers](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon VPCIsolated cloud
resources](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Lightsail Launch and manage virtual private
servers](https://aws.amazon.com/lightsail/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon SageMakerBuild, train, and deploy machine learning models at
scale](https://aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/?nc2=h_prod_an_rm)

Blog

Read the latest AWS blogs

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_an_rm)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for AWS services

[](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/index.html?nc2=h_prod_an_rm)

Documentation

Find documentation and resources for AWS services

[](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/?nc2=h_prod_an_rm)

Getting Started

Find tutorials for AWS services

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Analytics](https://aws.amazon.com/big-data/datalakes-and-analytics/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon AthenaQuery data in S3 using
SQL](https://aws.amazon.com/athena/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon CloudSearchManaged search
service](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudsearch/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon EMRHosted Hadoop
framework](https://aws.amazon.com/emr/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Elasticsearch ServiceRun and scale Elasticsearch
clusters](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticsearch-service/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon KinesisAnalyze real-time video and data
streams](https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon RedshiftFast, simple, cost-effective data
warehousing](https://aws.amazon.com/redshift/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon QuickSightFast business analytics
service](https://aws.amazon.com/quicksight/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Data PipelineOrchestration service for periodic, data-driven
workflows](https://aws.amazon.com/datapipeline/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS GluePrepare and load data](https://aws.amazon.com/glue/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/?nc2=h_prod_an_rm)

Blog

Read the latest blog posts on Big Data

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_an_rm#analytics-services)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for Big Data and Analytics on AWS

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/6153421011?ref_=header_nav_category_6153421011&nc2=h_prod_an_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find Big Data software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/use-cases/?awsf.getting-started-content=use-case%23big-data-analytics&?nc2=h_prod_an_rm)

Getting Started

Find tutorials for Big Data and Analytics

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Application Integration](https://aws.amazon.com/products/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Step FunctionsCoordination for distributed
applications](https://aws.amazon.com/step-functions/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon MQManaged message broker for
ActiveMQ](https://aws.amazon.com/amazon-mq/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS)Managed message topics for
pub/sub](https://aws.amazon.com/sns/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS)Managed message
queues](https://aws.amazon.com/sqs/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS AppSyncBuild data-driven apps with real-time and offline
capabilities](https://aws.amazon.com/appsync/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/category/application-integration/?nc2=h_prod_ap_rm)

Blog

Read the latest Application Integration blogs for AWS Compute

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_ap_rm#app-integration)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for Application Integration on AWS

[](https://aws.amazon.com/solutionspace/application-integration/)

Solution Space

Find certified partners to help with Application Integration

[](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/projects/build-modern-app-fargate-lambda-dynamodb-python/?nc2=h_prod_ap_rm)

Getting Started

Join an online Workshop: Build a Modern Web Application

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[AR & VR](https://aws.amazon.com/products/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon SumerianBuild and run AR and VR
applications](https://aws.amazon.com/sumerian/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaW9D_rHhIc&nc2=h_prod_ar_rm)

Video

Watch a guided intro to using Amazon Sumerian

[](https://www.pcmag.com/feature/360323/inside-sumerian-amazon-s-big-bet-on-augmented-and-virtual-re?nc2=h_prod_ar_rm)

Article

Get an inside look at Amazon Sumerian

[](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhr1KZpdzukfBlfGVV966wxxQJOpAFnS-&nc2=h_prod_ar_rm)

Video

Watch our full collection of how-to videos

[](https://docs.sumerian.amazonaws.com/?nc2=h_prod_ar_rm)

Documentation

Find documentation and resources for Amazon Sumerian

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[AWS Cost
Management](https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Cost ExplorerAnalyze your AWS cost and
usage](https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/aws-cost-explorer/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS BudgetsSet custom cost and usage
budgets](https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/aws-budgets/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Cost and Usage ReportAccess comprehensive cost and usage
information](https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/aws-cost-and-usage-reporting/?nc2=h_m1)

[Reserved Instance ReportingDive deeper into your reserved instances
(RIs)](https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/reserved-instance-reporting/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_cm_rm#cost-management)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for AWS Cost Management

[](https://www.aws.training/learningobject/video?nc2=h_prod_cm_rm&id=15875)

Training

Introduction to AWS Billing and Cost Management

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/desktop/search?category=AP%20and%20Billing&ref_=header_nav_dsk_cat_ap_and_billing&nc2=h_prod_cm_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find AP and Billing software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://www.aws.training/learningobject/curriculum?id=12049&nc2=h_prod_cm_rm)

Well-Architected Training

How to optimize AWS usage and manage costs

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Business Productivity](https://aws.amazon.com/products/?nc2=h_m1)

[Alexa for BusinessEmpower your organization with
Alexa](https://aws.amazon.com/alexaforbusiness/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon ChimeFrustration-free meetings, video calls, and
chat](https://aws.amazon.com/chime/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon WorkDocsSecure enterprise document storage and
sharing](https://aws.amazon.com/workdocs/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon WorkMailSecure email and
calendaring](https://aws.amazon.com/workmail/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/business-productivity/?nc2=h_prod_bp_rm)

Blog

Read the latest blogs for Business Productivity

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_bp_rm#business-wn)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for Business Productivity

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649280011?ref_=header_nav_category_2649280011&nc2=h_prod_bp_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find Cloud Monitoring software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/business-productivity/welcome-to-the-new-business-productivity-blog/?nc2=h_prod_bp_rm)

Blog

Introduction to Business Productivity services on AWS

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Compute](https://aws.amazon.com/products/compute/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon EC2 Virtual servers in the
cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling Scale compute capacity to meet
demand](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/autoscaling/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon EC2 Container Registry Store and retrieve docker
images](https://aws.amazon.com/ecr/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Elastic Container Service Run and manage docker
containers](https://aws.amazon.com/ecs/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes Run managed Kubernetes
on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Lightsail Launch and manage virtual private
servers](https://aws.amazon.com/lightsail/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Batch Run batch jobs at any
scale](https://aws.amazon.com/batch/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Elastic Beanstalk Run and manage web
apps](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS FargateRun containers without managing servers or
clusters](https://aws.amazon.com/fargate/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS LambdaRun code without thinking about
servers](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Serverless Application RepositoryDiscover, deploy, and publish
serverless
applications](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/serverlessrepo/?nc2=h_m1)

[Elastic Load Balancing (ELB)Distribute incoming traffic across multiple
targets](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/?nc2=h_m1)

[VMware Cloud on AWSBuild a hybrid cloud without custom
hardware](https://aws.amazon.com/vmware/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/?nc2=h_prod_com_rm)

Blog

Read the latest blogs for AWS Compute

[](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/projects/build-modern-app-fargate-lambda-dynamodb-python/?nc2=h_prod_com_rm)

Getting Started

Join an online Workshop: Build a Modern Web Application

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649367011?ref_=header_nav_category_2649367011&nc2=h_prod_com_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find Compute software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://aws.amazon.com/developers/?nc2=h_prod_com_rm)

Developer Center

Visit the AWS Developer Center

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Customer Engagement](https://aws.amazon.com/products/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon ConnectCloud-based contact center
service](https://aws.amazon.com/connect/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon PinpointPush notifications for mobile
apps](https://aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Simple Email Service (SES)Email sending and
receiving](https://aws.amazon.com/ses/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/customer-engagement/?nc2=h_prod_ce_rm)

Learn

Read about Customer Engagement

[](https://aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/customer-engagement/customer-analytics/?nc2=h_prod_ce_rm)

Learn

Read about Customer Analytics

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/5018785011?ref_=header_nav_category_5018785011&nc2=h_prod_ce_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find Business Collaboration software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_ce_rm#customer-engagement-wn)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for Customer Engagement on AWS

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Database](https://aws.amazon.com/products/databases/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon AuroraHigh performance managed relational
database](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon DynamoDBManaged NoSQL
database](https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon ElastiCacheIn-memory caching
service](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticache/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon NeptuneFully managed graph database
service](https://aws.amazon.com/neptune/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon RDSManaged relational database service for MySQL, PostgreSQL,
Oracle, SQL Server, and MariaDB](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon RedshiftFast, simple, cost-effective data
warehousing](https://aws.amazon.com/redshift/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Database Migration ServiceMigrate databases with minimal
downtime](https://aws.amazon.com/dms/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/?nc2=h_prod_db_rm)

Blog

Read the latest AWS Database blogs

[](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/use-cases/?awsf.getting-started-content=use-case%23databases&nc2=h_prod_db_rm)

Getting Started

Find Database tutorials

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649364011?ref_=header_nav_category_2649364011&nc2=h_prod_db_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find Database and Caching software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_db_rm#database-services)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for Databases on AWS

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Desktop & App
Streaming](https://aws.amazon.com/products/desktopsandapps/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon WorkSpacesVirtual desktops in the
cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/workspaces/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon AppStream 2.0Stream desktop applications securely to a
browser](https://aws.amazon.com/appstream2/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/desktop-and-application-streaming/?nc2=h_prod_desktop_rm)

Blog

Read the latest blogs on Desktop and Application Streaming

[](https://pages.awscloud.com/esg-analyst-report.html?nc2=h_prod_desktop_rm)

Whitepaper

Read the ESG Analyst Whitepaper on Desktop and App Streaming

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/desktop/search?category=Application%20and%20Web%20Development&ref_=header_nav_dsk_cat_application_and_web_development?nc2=h_prod_desktop_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find Application and Web Development software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_desktop_rm#desktop-wn)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for Desktop and Application streaming on AWS

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Developer
Tools](https://aws.amazon.com/products/developer-tools/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS CodeStarDevelop and deploy AWS
applications](https://aws.amazon.com/codestar/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Cloud9Write, run, and debug code on a cloud
IDE](https://aws.amazon.com/cloud9/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS CodeBuildBuild and test
code](https://aws.amazon.com/codebuild/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS CodeCommitStore code in private Git
repositories](https://aws.amazon.com/codecommit/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS CodeDeployAutomate code
deployments](https://aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS CodePipelineRelease software using continuous
delivery](https://aws.amazon.com/codepipeline/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Command Line InterfaceUnified tool to manage AWS
services](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Tools and SDKsTools and SDKs for
AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/tools-sdks/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS X-RayAnalyze and debug your
applications](https://aws.amazon.com/xray/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/projects/build-modern-app-fargate-lambda-dynamodb-python/?nc2=h_prod_dev_rm)

Getting Started

Join an online Workshop: Build a modern web application

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/devops/?nc2=h_prod_dev_rm)

Blog

Read the latest blogs on DevOps

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/desktop/search?category=Application%20and%20Web%20Development&ref_=header_nav_dsk_cat_application_and_web_development?nc2=h_prod_dev_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find Application and Web Development software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://aws.amazon.com/developer/?nc2=h_prod_dev_rm)

Developer Center

Visit the AWS Developer Center

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Game Development](https://aws.amazon.com/gametech/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon GameLiftSimple, fast, cost-effective dedicated game server
hosting](https://aws.amazon.com/gamelift/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon LumberyardA free cross-platform 3D game engine, with Full
Source, integrated with AWS and
Twitch](https://aws.amazon.com/lumberyard/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/gaming/resources/?nc2=h_prod_game_rm)

Resource Center

Find videos, presentations, and whitepapers on Gaming

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/gametech/?nc2=h_prod_game_rm)

Blog

Read the latest blogs on Game Tech

[](https://aws.amazon.com/gaming/customer-references/?nc2=h_prod_game_rm)

Customer Success

Read how AWS powers innovation in Gaming

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_game_rm#gamedev-wn)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for Gaming on AWS

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Internet of Things](https://aws.amazon.com/iot/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS IoT CoreConnect devices to the
cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/iot-core/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon FreeRTOSIoT operating system for
microcontrollers](https://aws.amazon.com/freertos/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS GreengrassLocal compute, messaging, and sync for
devices](https://aws.amazon.com/greengrass/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS IoT 1-ClickOne click creation of an AWS Lambda
trigger](https://aws.amazon.com/iot-1-click/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS IoT AnalyticsAnalytics for IoT
devices](https://aws.amazon.com/iot-analytics/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS IoT ButtonCloud programmable dash
button](https://aws.amazon.com/iotbutton/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS IoT Device DefenderSecurity management for IoT
devices](https://aws.amazon.com/iot-device-defender/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS IoT Device ManagementOnboard, organize, and remotely manage IoT
devices](https://aws.amazon.com/iot-device-management/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/iot/?nc2=h_prod_iot_rm)

Blog

Read the latest blogs on IoT

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_iot_rm#internet-of-things)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for AWS Internet of Things

[](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/use-cases/?nc2=h_prod_iot_rm&awsf.getting-started-content=use-case%23iot)

Getting Started

Find 10-Minute Tutorials on Internet of Things

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAp6FHbhYCk&nc2=h_prod_iot_rm)

Video

Watch an introduction to AWS Internet of Things

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Machine Learning](https://aws.amazon.com/machine-learning/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon SageMakerBuild, train, and deploy machine learning models at
scale](https://aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon ComprehendDiscover insights and relationships in
text](https://aws.amazon.com/comprehend/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon LexBuild voice and text
chatbots](https://aws.amazon.com/lex/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon PollyTurn text into life-like
speech](https://aws.amazon.com/polly/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon RekognitionAnalyze image and
video](https://aws.amazon.com/rekognition/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon TranslateNatural and fluent language
translation](https://aws.amazon.com/translate/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon TranscribeAutomatic speech
recognition](https://aws.amazon.com/transcribe/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Deep Learning AMIsDeep learning on Amazon
EC2](https://aws.amazon.com/machine-learning/amis/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS DeepLensDeep learning enabled video
camera](https://aws.amazon.com/deeplens/?nc2=h_m1)

[Apache MXNet on AWSScalable, open-source deep learning
framework](https://aws.amazon.com/mxnet/?nc2=h_m1)

[TensorFlow on AWSOpen-source machine intelligence
library](https://aws.amazon.com/tensorflow/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/deep-learning/?nc2=h_prod_ml_rm)

Learn

Read about benefits and use cases of Deep Learning on AWS

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/machine-learning/?nc2=h_prod_ml_rm)

Blog

Read the latest blogs on Machine Learning

[](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/use-cases/?awsf.getting-started-content=use-case%23ml&nc2=h_prod_ml_rm)

Getting Started

Find trainings and tutorials for Machine Learning on AWS

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_ml_rm#ai-wn)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for Machine Learning on AWS

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Management
Tools](https://aws.amazon.com/products/management-tools/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon CloudWatchMonitor resources and
applications](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudwatch/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Auto ScalingScale multiple resources to meet
demand](https://aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS CloudFormationCreate and manage resources with
templates](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS CloudTrailTrack user activity and API
usage](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudtrail/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Command Line InterfaceUnified tool to manage AWS
services](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS ConfigTrack resources inventory and
changes](https://aws.amazon.com/config/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Management ConsoleWeb-based user
interface](https://aws.amazon.com/console/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Managed ServicesInfrastructure operations management for
AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/managed-services/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS OpsWorksAutomate operations with Chef and
Puppet](https://aws.amazon.com/opsworks/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Personal Health DashboardPersonalized view of AWS service
health](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/phd/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Service CatalogCreate and use standardized
products](https://aws.amazon.com/servicecatalog/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Systems ManagerGain operational insights and take
action](https://aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Trusted AdvisorOptimize performance and
security](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/trustedadvisor/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/devops/what-is-devops/?nc2=h_prod_mgt_rm)

Learn

Read how DevOps can increase organizational velocity

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/?nc2=h_prod_mgt_rm)

Blog

Read the latest blogs on Management Tools

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/4988013011?ref_=header_nav_category_4988013011&nc2=h_prod_mgt_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find Project Management software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_mgt_rm#management-tools)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for Management Tools on AWS

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Media Services](https://aws.amazon.com/media-services/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Elastic TranscoderEasy-to-use scalable media
transcoding](https://aws.amazon.com/elastictranscoder/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Kinesis Video StreamsProcess and analyze video
streams](https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/video-streams/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Elemental MediaConvertConvert file-based video
content](https://aws.amazon.com/mediaconvert/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Elemental MediaLiveConvert live video
content](https://aws.amazon.com/medialive/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Elemental MediaPackageVideo origination and
packaging](https://aws.amazon.com/mediapackage/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Elemental MediaStoreMedia storage and simple http
origin](https://aws.amazon.com/mediastore/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Elemental MediaTailorVideo personalization and
monetization](https://aws.amazon.com/mediatailor/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/media/?nc2=h_prod_media_rm)

Blog

Read the latest posts from the AWS Media blog

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_media_rm#wn-media-services)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for AWS Media Services

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649341011?ref_=header_nav_category_2649341011&nc2=h_prod_media_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find Media Business software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/case-studies/?nc2=h_sol_use_rm)

Customer Success

Explore how AWS powers innovation for companies

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Migration](https://aws.amazon.com/products/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Migration HubTrack migrations from a single
place](https://aws.amazon.com/migration-hub/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Application Discovery ServiceDiscover on-premises applications to
streamline
migration](https://aws.amazon.com/application-discovery/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Database Migration ServiceMigrate databases with minimal
downtime](https://aws.amazon.com/dms/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Server Migration ServiceMigrate on-premises servers to
AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/server-migration-service/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Snow FamilyPhysical devices to migrate data into and out of
AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/snow/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/enterprise-strategy/?nc2=h_prod_migrate_rm)

Blog

Read the latest blogs on Enterprise Strategy

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSdhrjaFZeI?nc2=h_prod_migrate_rm)

Online Tech Talk

Deep dive into AWS Migration Hub

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649368011?ref_=header_nav_category_2649368011&nc2=h_prod_migrate_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find Migration Infrastructure software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_migrate_rm#migration-wn)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for Migration on AWS

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Mobile Services](https://aws.amazon.com/mobile/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS AppSyncBuild data-driven apps with real-time and offline
capabilities](https://aws.amazon.com/appsync/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon API GatewayBuild, deploy, and manage
API's](https://aws.amazon.com/api-gateway/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Device FarmTest Android, iOS, and web apps on real devices in the
AWS cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/device-farm/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Mobile HubBuild, test, and monitor mobile
apps](https://aws.amazon.com/mobile/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon PinpointPush notifications for mobile
apps](https://aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile/announcing-the-aws-amplify-cli-toolchain?nc2=h_prod_migrate_rm)

Learn

Learn more about AWS Amplify CLI toolchain

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile?nc2=h_prod_migrate_rm)

Blog

Read the latest on Mobile

[](https://aws.amazon.com/mobile/resources/?nc2=h_prod_migrate_rm)

Resources

Find additional resources for Mobile Services

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=FtkVlIal_m0&nc2=h_prod_migrate_rm#wn-mobile-services)

Video

Watch an introduction to AWS AppSync

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Network & Content
Delivery](https://aws.amazon.com/products/networking/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon VPCIsolated cloud
resources](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon API GatewayBuild, deploy, and manage
APIs](https://aws.amazon.com/api-gateway/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon CloudFrontGlobal content delivery
network](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon VPC PrivateLinkSecurely access services hosted on
AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/privatelink/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Route 53Scalable domain name system
(DNS)](https://aws.amazon.com/route53/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Direct ConnectDedicated network connection to
AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/directconnect/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/?nc2=h_prod_ncd_rm)

Blog

Read the latest blogs on Networking and Content Delivery

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_ncd_rm#networking)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for Networking and Content Delivery

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649366011?ref_=header_nav_category_2649366011&nc2=h_prod_ncd_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find Network Infrastructure software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/projects/build-modern-app-fargate-lambda-dynamodb-python/?nc2=h_prod_ncd_rm)

Getting Started

Join an online Workshop: Build a Modern Web Application

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Security, Identity, &
Compliance](https://aws.amazon.com/products/security/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)Manage user access and
encryption keys](https://aws.amazon.com/iam/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Cloud DirectoryCreate flexible cloud-native
directories](https://aws.amazon.com/cloud-directory/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon CognitoIdentity management for your
apps](https://aws.amazon.com/cognito/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon GuardDutyManaged threat detection
service](https://aws.amazon.com/guardduty/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon InspectorAnalyze application
security](https://aws.amazon.com/inspector/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon MacieDiscover, classify, and protect your
data](https://aws.amazon.com/macie/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS ArtifactOn-demand access to AWS’ compliance
reports](https://aws.amazon.com/artifact/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Certificate ManagerProvision, manage, and deploy SSL/TLS
certificates](https://aws.amazon.com/certificate-manager/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS CloudHSMHardware-based key storage for regulatory
compliance](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudhsm/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Directory ServiceHost and manage active
directory](https://aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Firewall ManagerCentral management of firewall
rules](https://aws.amazon.com/firewall-manager/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Key Management ServiceManaged creation and control of encryption
keys](https://aws.amazon.com/kms/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS OrganizationsPolicy-based management for multiple AWS
accounts](https://aws.amazon.com/organizations/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Secrets ManagerRotate, manage, and retrieve
secrets](https://aws.amazon.com/secrets-manager/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS ShieldDDoS protection](https://aws.amazon.com/shield/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Single Sign-OnCloud single sign-on (SSO)
service](https://aws.amazon.com/single-sign-on/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS WAFFilter malicious web
traffic](https://aws.amazon.com/waf/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/?nc2=h_prod_security_rm)

Learn

Learn about AWS Compliance offerings

[](https://aws.amazon.com/security/security-resources/?nc2=h_prod_security_rm)

Resource Center

Find resources and articles on Cloud Security

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649363011?ref_=header_nav_category_2649363011&nc2=h_prod_security_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find Security Infrastructure software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_security_rm#management-admin)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for Security, Identity, and Compliance on AWS

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[Storage](https://aws.amazon.com/products/storage/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)Scalable storage in the
cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)EC2 block storage
volumes](https://aws.amazon.com/ebs/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)Fully managed file system for
EC2](https://aws.amazon.com/efs/?nc2=h_m1)

[Amazon GlacierLow-cost archive storage in the
cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/glacier/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Snow FamilyPhysical devices to migrate data into and out of
AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/snow/?nc2=h_m1)

[AWS Storage GatewayHybrid storage
integration](https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/?nc2=h_m1)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/projects/build-modern-app-fargate-lambda-dynamodb-python/?nc2=h_prod_storage_rm)

Getting Started

Join an online Workshop: Build a Modern Web Application

[](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_prod_storage_rm#storage-wn)

What's New on AWS

See announcements for Storage on AWS

[](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649337011?ref_=header_nav_category_2649337011&nc2=h_prod_storage_rm)

AWS Marketplace

Find Storage and Backup Infrastructure software in the AWS Marketplace

[](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/use-cases/?awsf.getting-started-content=use-case%23storage&nc2=h_prod_storage_rm)

Getting Started

Find resources and tutorials on Storage

Training and Certification

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[By Use
Case](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[By
Industry](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[By Organization
Type](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[By Use Case](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/?nc2=h_m2)

[ArchivingAffordable solutions for data archiving from gigabytes to
petabytes](https://aws.amazon.com/archive/?nc2=h_m2)

[Backup and RestoreDurable, cost-effective options for backup and
disaster recovery](https://aws.amazon.com/backup-restore/?nc2=h_m2)

[BlockchainShared ledgers for trusted transactions among multiple
parties](https://aws.amazon.com/blockchain/?nc2=h_m2)

[Business ApplicationsSimplify management and lower the cost of existing
business
applications](https://aws.amazon.com/business-applications/?nc2=h_m2)

[Content DeliveryAccelerate websites, APIs, and video
content](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/?nc2=h_m2)

[Database MigrationsSave time and cost by migrating to fully managed
databases](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/databasemigrations/?nc2=h_m2)

[Data Lakes and AnalyticsComprehensive, secure, scalable, and
cost-effective data lake and analytics
solutions](https://aws.amazon.com/big-data/datalakes-and-analytics/?nc2=h_m2)

[DevOpsRapidly and reliably build and deliver products using DevOps
practices](https://aws.amazon.com/devops/?nc2=h_m2)

[E-CommerceDrive small or large e-commerce businesses with our secure
and highly scalable solutions for online sales and
retail](https://aws.amazon.com/ecommerce-applications/?nc2=h_m2)

[High Performance ComputingEnhanced networking and cloud-scale clusters
for complex problems](https://aws.amazon.com/hpc/?nc2=h_m2)

[Hybrid Cloud ArchitecturesExtend your IT infrastructure to the AWS
cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/enterprise/hybrid/?nc2=h_m2)

[Internet of ThingsEasily scale to billions of devices and trillions of
messages](https://aws.amazon.com/iot/?nc2=h_m2)

[Mobile ServicesA range of services to help you develop mobile apps that
can scale to hundreds of millions of users
globally](https://aws.amazon.com/mobile/?nc2=h_m2)

[Scientific ComputingAnalyze, store, and share massive data
sets](https://aws.amazon.com/government-education/research-and-technical-computing/?nc2=h_m2)

[Serverless ComputingBuild and run applications without thinking about
servers](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/?nc2=h_m2)

[WebsitesReliable, highly scalable, and low cost website and web
application hosting](https://aws.amazon.com/websites/?nc2=h_m2)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/quickstart/?nc2=h_sol_use_rm)

AWS Quick Starts

Quickly deploy solutions on AWS using gold-standard reference
deployments

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/?nc2=h_sol_use_rm)

Blog

Read the latest blogs on topics covering Data Lakes, Compute, and more

[](https://aws.amazon.com/architecture/well-architected/?nc2=h_sol_use_rm)

AWS Well Architected

Learn, measure, and build using architectural best practices

[](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/case-studies/?nc2=h_sol_use_rm)

Customer Success

Explore how AWS powers innovation for companies

[](https://aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/?nc2=h_sol_use_rm)

Whitepaper

Find AWS whitepapers covering a span of topics such as architecture,
security, and economics

[](https://pages.awscloud.com/iot-connected-home-ebook-internet-of-things.html?nc2=h_sol_use_rm)

E-Book

Download the Connected Home IoT E-Book

[By Industry](https://aws.amazon.com/industries/?nc2=h_m2)

[AutomotiveBuild intelligent connected experiences and accelerate time
to market for every touchpoint of the customer
journey](https://aws.amazon.com/automotive/?nc2=h_m2)

[Digital MarketingDrive your digital marketing business with flexible,
highly scalable, elastic and low-cost solutions to build
on](https://aws.amazon.com/digital-marketing/?nc2=h_m2)

[EducationSolutions to help facilitate teaching, learning, student
engagement, and better learning outcomes as well as modernize enterprise
wide IT operations](https://aws.amazon.com/education/?nc2=h_m2)

[Enterprise ApplicationsA mature set of services specifically designed
for the unique requirements of large
enterprises](https://aws.amazon.com/enterprise/?nc2=h_m2)

[Financial ServicesDevelop secure and innovate solutions to increase
customer and shareholder
value](https://aws.amazon.com/financial-services/?nc2=h_m2)

[GamingServices to enable game development across all genres and
platforms, from AAA games to small independent
studios](https://aws.amazon.com/gaming/?nc2=h_m2)

[GovernmentServices designed to help government agencies modernize, meet
mandates, reduce costs, drive efficiencies, and delivery mission
outcomes](https://aws.amazon.com/government-education/government/?nc2=h_m2)

[Healthcare and Life SciencesSolutions for increasing the pace of
innovation, data lifecycle management, incorporating new technology into
care delivery, and improving security and
compliance](https://aws.amazon.com/health/?nc2=h_m2)

[ManufacturingDevelop smart, connected products and services to drive
efficiencies throughout your
operations](https://aws.amazon.com/manufacturing/?nc2=h_m2)

[Media and EntertainmentSolutions for ingesting, processing, storing,
delivering, and analyzing all of your video and media
content](https://aws.amazon.com/digital-media/?nc2=h_m2)

[NonprofitServices enabling more mission for the money to minimize costs
and optimize scale and donor engagement to further nonprofits and NGO's
serving their
causes](https://aws.amazon.com/government-education/nonprofits/?nc2=h_m2)

[Oil and GasSolutions to accelerate decision-making, increase
profitability, and improve efficiencies in Oil and
Gas](https://aws.amazon.com/oil-and-gas/?nc2=h_m2)

[Power and UtilitiesSolutions to extract deep insights from data to
manage distributed energy networks and to deliver engaging new customer
experiences](https://aws.amazon.com/power-and-utilities/?nc2=h_m2)

[RetailCloud solutions that help retailers accelerate innovation,
optimize operations, and delight
customers](https://aws.amazon.com/retail/?nc2=h_m2)

[TelecommunicationsAccelerate innovation, scale with confidence, and add
agility with cloud-based telecom
solutions](https://aws.amazon.com/telecom/?nc2=h_m2)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/architecture/well-architected/?nc2=h_sol_use_rm)

AWS Well Architected

Learn, measure, and build using architectural best practices

[](https://aws.amazon.com/events/innovation-webinars/?trk=ep_card)

Webinar

Uninterrupted Innovation: talks about AI, IoT, and Machine Learning

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/case-studies/?nc2=h_sol_use_rm)

Customer Success

Explore how AWS powers innovation for companies across all industries

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

APN Partner Training

Deepen your knowledge of AWS to better serve your customers

[By Organization
Type](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

[EnterpriseAmazon Web Services delivers a mature set of services
specifically designed for the unique security, compliance, privacy, and
governance requirements of large
organizations](https://aws.amazon.com/enterprise/?nc2=h_ql_org)

[StartupsFrom the spark of an idea, to your first customer, to IPO and
beyond, let Amazon Web Services help you build and grow your
startup](https://aws.amazon.com/startups/?nc2=h_ql_org)

[Public SectorPaving the way for innovation and supporting world-
changing projects in government, education and nonprofit
organizations](https://aws.amazon.com/government-education/?nc2=h_ql_org)

Resources and Media

[](https://aws.amazon.com/architecture/well-architected/?nc2=h_sol_use_rm)

AWS Well Architected

Learn, measure, and build using architectural best practices

[](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

APN Partner Training

Deepen your knowledge of AWS to better serve your customers

[](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Certification

Validate your technical expertise by getting AWS Certified

[](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/case-studies/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

Customer Success

Read how AWS powers innovation for all types of organizations

[](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

AWS Training

Build your technical skills with free digital training

[](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/find-a-partner/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

Partner Network

Work with a certified AWS expert

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_pricing_learn-more_120.7b38bc391a3855e61440fffc4478fe1ec29a8a0f.svg)

### [Learn About AWS Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/?nc2=h_ql_pr) {#Learn_About_AWS_Pricing .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

With AWS, you pay only for the individual services you need for as long
as you use them without requiring long-term contracts or complex
licensing

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_pricing_free-tier_120.c97a7bc66fe2ed5fe4ace6898dda6783872228e6.svg)

### [AWS Free Tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/?nc2=h_ql_pr) {#AWS_Free_Tier .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

AWS Free Tier includes offers that are always free, offers that expire
12 months following sign up, and short-term free trial offers

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_pricing_optimize-costs_120.dfe87b8ff88164714e97a4a7444458b93b2cf64a.svg)

### [Optimize Your Costs](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/cost-optimization/?nc2=h_ql_pr) {#Optimize_Your_Costs .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

Learn what steps to take to effectively optimize your AWS costs

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_pricing_calculate_120.9977d8038b43ca7de1c7ab826b152c1a9fa724d5.svg)

### [Calculate Your Savings](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/?nc2=h_ql_pr) {#Calculate_Your_Savings .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

Our calculators allow you to estimate the cost savings for your total
AWS costs (TCO) or individual services (SMC)

[TCO Calculator »](https://aws.amazon.com/tco-calculator/?nc2=h_ql_pr)

[Simple Monthly Calculator (SMC)
»](https://calculator.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html?nc2=h_ql_pr)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_learn_intro_120.0301589ee9141df6f7eacef9016b4d9d94719831.svg)

### [Introduction to AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/what-is-aws/?nc2=h_ql_le) {#Introduction_to_AWS .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

Learn about AWS cloud solutions, products, and general information on
cloud computing

[What is Cloud Computing
»](https://aws.amazon.com/what-is-cloud-computing/?nc2=h_ql_le)

[AWS Global Infrastructure
»](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/?nc2=h_ql_le)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_learn_getting-started_120.76503062dda33a2472bf004c33eca73ab63901d2.svg)

### [Getting Started with AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/?nc2=h_ql_le) {#Getting_Started_with_AWS .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

Get started with easy-to-use free learning resources like tutorials,
projects, and more

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_learn_training-certification_120.3b2f3c59276af6d831f15ba857d2f863500d2b85.svg)

### [Training and Certification](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_le) {#Training_and_Certification .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

Learn from AWS experts, advance your skills and knowledge, build your
future in the AWS Cloud

[AWS Training »](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_ql_le)

[APN Partner Training
»](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/training/?nc2=h_ql_le)

[AWS Certification »](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_ql_le)

[AWS Academy »](https://aws.amazon.com/training/awsacademy/?nc2=h_ql_le)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_learn_documentation_120.b0573f112022949c3dc69b75a2873fb6478fd4cd.svg)

### [Documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/documentation/?nc2=h_ql_le) {#Documentation .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

Documentation for your AWS service to help you get started

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_learn_dev-center_120.853d77cde9ff6a2d336c3245c1454042a90750d2.svg)

### [Developer Center](https://aws.amazon.com/developer/?nc2=h_ql_le) {#Developer_Center .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

SDKs, IDE Toolkits, and Command Line Tools for developing and managing
your AWS applications

[Tools and SDKs
»](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/tools-sdks/?nc2=h_ql_le)

[Developer Community
»](https://aws.amazon.com/developer/community/?nc2=h_ql_le)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_learn_customer-success_120.1b1a82ad601a11ef75d06b2a1f8f44e6a681beb4.svg)

### [Customer Success](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/case-studies/?nc2=h_ql_le) {#Customer_Success .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

Learn about how our customers are using AWS services to power innovation

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_partner-network_about_120.9ff70633d44503b2e1859dd65438cac53074dfed.svg)

### [About the Partner Network](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/?nc2=h_ql_pa) {#About_the_Partner_Network .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

[Partner Webinars
»](https://aws.amazon.com/webinars/partner-webinar-series/?nc2=h_ql_pa)

[Featured Partners and Stories
»](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/apn-journal/?nc2=h_ql_pa)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_partner-network_work-with-partner_120.48f8b5b1471690e0e782c5748d37ce6e43f8399a.svg)

### [Find a Partner](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/find/?nc2=h_ql_pa) {#Find_a_Partner .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

[Work with a Partner
»](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/partners/?nc2=h_ql_pa)

[Deploy with Quick Start
»](https://aws.amazon.com/quickstart/?nc2=h_ql_pa)

[Launch a Customer Ready Solution
»](https://aws.amazon.com/solutionspace/?nc2=h_ql_pa)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_partner-network_become-partner_120.210b19541c3e41efb677738bcfa9fa68660899b3.svg)

### [Become a Partner](https://partnercentral.awspartner.com/AWS_Partner_Application?nc2=h_ql_pa) {#Become_a_Partner .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

[Become a Consulting Partner
»](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/consulting/?nc2=h_ql_pa)

[Become a Technology Partner
»](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/technology/?nc2=h_ql_pa)

[Partner Success Stories
»](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/apn-journal/all/?nc2=h_ql_pa)

[Build as SaaS
»](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/saas-on-aws/?nc2=h_ql_pa)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_partner-network_grow_120.736764131c3af35dabb432d48d07d366c758d3c3.svg)

### [Grow as a Partner](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/programs/?nc2=h_ql_pa) {#Grow_as_a_Partner .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

[Log into APN Central
»](https://partnercentral.awspartner.com/SiteLogin?nc2=h_ql_pa)

[Join a Partner Program
»](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/programs/?nc2=h_ql_pa)

[Earn a Competency
»](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/competencies/?nc2=h_ql_pa)

[Sign Up for Training
»](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/training/?nc2=h_ql_pa)

[Additional Partner Resources
»](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/resources/?nc2=h_ql_pa)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-illo_Marketplace_120.db452a941ef122a3d967965a764c33860a1e7e77.svg)

### [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace?nc2=h_ql_mp) {#AWS_Marketplace .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

AWS Marketplace is a digital catalog with thousands of software listings
from independent software vendors that make it easy to find, test, buy,
and deploy software that runs on AWS

[Go to the AWS Marketplace
»](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/?nc2=h_ql_mp)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-icon_operating-systems.a08eeb8a3c4a4c3ea1239b8972b8cd8ea96b385c.svg)

[Operating
Systems](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649367011?nc2=h_ql_mar)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-icon_security.2f2da2ceb0f981731e4207e85c66aab57e678dd0.svg)

[Security](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649363011?nc2=h_ql_mp)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-icon_networking.43672d079656857ff98fc2dac35c526b1772976f.svg)

[Networking](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649366011?nc2=h_ql_mp)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-icon_storage.2fd99adb9b15c34ab7677d29eb35fcf03f3abbbd.svg)

[Storage](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649337011?nc2=h_ql_mp)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-icon_BI.1758d87156f211c6dce616efb7036f4d47bdc5d0.svg)

[Business
Intelligence](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649336011?nc2=h_ql_mp)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-icon_databases.79498d62fd2d53bc812b6a126bde807f3c28711f.svg)

[Databases](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649364011?nc2=h_ql_mp)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-icon_dev-ops.b763d2f8381c3693d9f4ea746b641acb41f43666.svg)

[DevOps](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649279011?nc2=h_ql_mp)

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/nav-icon_media.938545dcf2f493f2330ec5479d49c6b58b59b9b6.svg)

[Media](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649341011?nc2=h_ql_mp)

### Stay Connected {#Stay_Connected .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

[AWS Blog »](https://aws.amazon.com/blog/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[Events and Webinars »](https://aws.amazon.com/events/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[AWS in the News
»](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/in-the-news/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[What's New »](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[re:Invent »](https://reinvent.awsevents.com/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

### Resources {#Resources .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

[Analyst Reports
»](https://aws.amazon.com/resources/analyst-reports/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[AWS Architecture Center
»](https://aws.amazon.com/architecture/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[Documentation »](https://aws.amazon.com/documentation/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[Whitepapers »](https://aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[AWS Educate
»](https://aws.amazon.com/education/awseducate/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

### Helpful Links {#Helpful_Links .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

[Knowledge Center
»](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[Technical Product FAQ's »](https://aws.amazon.com/faqs/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[Customer Support Center
»](https://console.aws.amazon.com/support/home/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[AWS Personal Health Dashboard
»](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/phd/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[How to Buy AWS for Public Sectors
»](https://aws.amazon.com/how-to-buy/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

### Professional & Managed Services {#Professional_.26_Managed_Services .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

[AWS Professional Services
»](https://aws.amazon.com/professional-services/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[AWS Managed Services
»](https://aws.amazon.com/managed-services/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

### Support {#Support .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

[AWS Support Plans
»](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/compare-plans/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[AWS Trusted Advisor
»](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/trustedadvisor/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

### AWS is Hiring {#AWS_is_Hiring .lb-txt-light .lb-txt-none .lb-txt-white .lb-h3 .lb-title}

[Careers at AWS »](https://aws.amazon.com/careers/?nc2=h_ql_exm)

[Click here to return to Amazon Web Services
homepage](https://aws.amazon.com/?nc2=h_lg)

** **

-   [Products](javascript:void(0))
    -   [Featured Services](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon EC2](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Simple Storage Service
            (S3)](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Aurora](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon DynamoDB](https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon RDS](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon VPC](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            Lightsail](https://aws.amazon.com/lightsail/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            SageMaker](https://aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Analytics](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon Athena](https://aws.amazon.com/athena/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon EMR](https://aws.amazon.com/emr/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            CloudSearch](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudsearch/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Elasticsearch
            Service](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticsearch-service/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Kinesis](https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Redshift](https://aws.amazon.com/redshift/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            QuickSight](https://aws.amazon.com/quicksight/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Glue](https://aws.amazon.com/glue/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Application Integration](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon MQ](https://aws.amazon.com/amazon-mq/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Simple Queue Service
            (SQS)](https://aws.amazon.com/sqs/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Simple Notification Service
            (SNS)](https://aws.amazon.com/sns/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS AppSync](https://aws.amazon.com/appsync/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Step
            Functions](https://aws.amazon.com/step-functions/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [AR & VR](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon Sumerian](https://aws.amazon.com/sumerian/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [AWS Cost Management](javascript:void(0))
        -   [AWS Cost
            Explorer](https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/aws-cost-explorer/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS
            Budgets](https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/aws-budgets/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Reserved Instance
            Reporting](https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/reserved-instance-reporting/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Cost and Usage
            Report](https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/aws-cost-and-usage-reporting/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Business Productivity](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Alexa for
            Business](https://aws.amazon.com/alexaforbusiness/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon WorkDocs](https://aws.amazon.com/workdocs/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Workmail](https://aws.amazon.com/workmail/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Chime](https://aws.amazon.com/chime/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Compute](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon EC2](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon EC2 Auto
            Scaling](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/autoscaling/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon EC2 Container
            Registry](https://aws.amazon.com/ecr/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Elastic Container
            Service](https://aws.amazon.com/ecs/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Elastic Container Service for
            Kubernetes](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            Lightsail](https://aws.amazon.com/lightsail/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Batch](https://aws.amazon.com/batch/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Elastic
            Beanstalk](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Fargate](https://aws.amazon.com/fargate/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Serverless Application
            Repository](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/serverlessrepo/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Elastic Load
            Balancing](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [VMware Cloud on
            AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/vmware/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Customer Engagement](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon Connect](https://aws.amazon.com/connect/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Pinpoint](https://aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Simple Email Service
            (SES)](https://aws.amazon.com/ses/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Database](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon Aurora](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon RDS](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon DynamoDB](https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            ElastiCache](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticache/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Redshift](https://aws.amazon.com/redshift/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Neptune](https://aws.amazon.com/neptune/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Database Migration
            Service](https://aws.amazon.com/dms/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Desktop & App Streaming](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon
            WorkSpaces](https://aws.amazon.com/workspaces/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon AppStream
            2.0](https://aws.amazon.com/appstream2/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Developer Tools](javascript:void(0))
        -   [AWS CodeStar](https://aws.amazon.com/codestar/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS
            CodeCommit](https://aws.amazon.com/codecommit/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS CodeBuild](https://aws.amazon.com/codebuild/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS
            CodeDeploy](https://aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS
            CodePipeline](https://aws.amazon.com/codepipeline/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Cloud9](https://aws.amazon.com/cloud9/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS X-Ray](https://aws.amazon.com/xray/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Command Line
            Interface](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Tools and
            SDKs](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/tools-sdks/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Game Development](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon GameLift](https://aws.amazon.com/gamelift/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            Lumberyard](https://aws.amazon.com/lumberyard/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Internet of Things](javascript:void(0))
        -   [AWS IoT Core](https://aws.amazon.com/iot-core/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon FreeRTOS](https://aws.amazon.com/freertos/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS
            Greengrass](https://aws.amazon.com/greengrass/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS IoT
            1-Click](https://aws.amazon.com/iot-1-click/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS IoT
            Analytics](https://aws.amazon.com/iot-analytics/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS IoT Button](https://aws.amazon.com/iotbutton/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS IoT Device
            Defender](https://aws.amazon.com/iot-device-defender/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS IoT Device
            Management](https://aws.amazon.com/iot-device-management/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Machine Learning](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon
            SageMaker](https://aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            Comprehend](https://aws.amazon.com/comprehend/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Lex](https://aws.amazon.com/lex/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Polly](https://aws.amazon.com/polly/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            Rekognition](https://aws.amazon.com/rekognition/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            Translate](https://aws.amazon.com/translate/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            Transcribe](https://aws.amazon.com/transcribe/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS DeepLens](https://aws.amazon.com/deeplens/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Deep Learning
            AMIs](https://aws.amazon.com/machine-learning/amis/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Apache MXNet on
            AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/mxnet/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [TensorFlow on
            AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/tensorflow/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Management Tools](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon
            CloudWatch](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudwatch/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Auto
            Scaling](https://aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS
            CloudFormation](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS
            CloudTrail](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudtrail/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Command Line
            Interface](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Config](https://aws.amazon.com/config/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS OpsWorks](https://aws.amazon.com/opsworks/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Service
            Catalog](https://aws.amazon.com/servicecatalog/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Systems
            Manager](https://aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Trusted
            Advisor](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/trustedadvisor/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Personal Health
            Dashboard](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/phd/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Management
            Console](https://aws.amazon.com/console/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Managed
            Services](https://aws.amazon.com/managed-services/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Media Services](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon Elastic
            Transcoder](https://aws.amazon.com/elastictranscoder/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Kinesis Video
            Streams](https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/video-streams/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Elemental
            MediaConvert](https://aws.amazon.com/mediaconvert/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Elemental
            MediaLive](https://aws.amazon.com/medialive/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Elemental
            MediaPackage](https://aws.amazon.com/mediapackage/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Elemental
            MediaStore](https://aws.amazon.com/mediastore/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Elemental
            MediaTailor](https://aws.amazon.com/mediatailor/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Migration](javascript:void(0))
        -   [AWS Migration
            Hub](https://aws.amazon.com/migration-hub/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Application Discovery
            Service](https://aws.amazon.com/application-discovery/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Database Migration
            Service](https://aws.amazon.com/dms/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Snow Family](https://aws.amazon.com/snow/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Mobile Services](javascript:void(0))
        -   [AWS AppSync](https://aws.amazon.com/appsync/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon API
            Gateway](https://aws.amazon.com/api-gateway/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Device
            Farm](https://aws.amazon.com/device-farm/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Mobile Hub](https://aws.amazon.com/mobile/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Pinpoint](https://aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Network & Content Delivery](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon VPC](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon VPC
            PrivateLink](https://aws.amazon.com/privatelink/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            CloudFront](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Route 53](https://aws.amazon.com/route53/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon API
            Gateway](https://aws.amazon.com/api-gateway/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Direct
            Connect](https://aws.amazon.com/directconnect/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Security, Identity, & Compliance](javascript:void(0))
        -   [AWS Identity and Access Management
            (IAM)](https://aws.amazon.com/iam/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Cloud
            Directory](https://aws.amazon.com/cloud-directory/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Cognito](https://aws.amazon.com/cognito/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            GuardDuty](https://aws.amazon.com/guardduty/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon
            Inspector](https://aws.amazon.com/inspector/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Macie](https://aws.amazon.com/macie/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Artifact](https://aws.amazon.com/artifact/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Certificate
            Manager](https://aws.amazon.com/certificate-manager/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS CloudHSM](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudhsm/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Directory
            Service](https://aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Firewall
            Manager](https://aws.amazon.com/firewall-manager/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Key Management
            Service](https://aws.amazon.com/kms/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS
            Organizations](https://aws.amazon.com/organizations/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Secrets
            Manager](https://aws.amazon.com/secrets-manager/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Single
            Sign-On](https://aws.amazon.com/single-sign-on/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Shield](https://aws.amazon.com/shield/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS WAF](https://aws.amazon.com/waf/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Storage](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Amazon Simple Storage Service
            (S3)](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Elastic Block Store
            (EBS)](https://aws.amazon.com/ebs/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Elastic File System
            (EFS)](https://aws.amazon.com/efs/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Amazon Glacier](https://aws.amazon.com/glacier/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Storage
            Gateway](https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Snow Family](https://aws.amazon.com/snow/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Solutions](javascript:void(0))
    -   [By Use Case](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Archiving](https://aws.amazon.com/archiving/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Backup and
            Restore](https://aws.amazon.com/backup-restore/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Blockchain](https://aws.amazon.com/blockchain/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Business
            Applications](https://aws.amazon.com/business-applications/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Content
            Delivery](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Database
            Migrations](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/databasemigrations/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Data Lakes and
            Analytics](https://aws.amazon.com/big-data/datalakes-and-analytics/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [DevOps](https://aws.amazon.com/devops/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [E-Commerce](https://aws.amazon.com/ecommerce-applications/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [High Performance
            Computing](https://aws.amazon.com/hpc/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Hybrid Cloud
            Architectures](https://aws.amazon.com/enterprise/hybrid/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Internet of Things](https://aws.amazon.com/iot/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Mobile Services](https://aws.amazon.com/mobile/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Scientific
            Computing](https://aws.amazon.com/government-education/research-and-technical-computing/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Serverless
            Computing](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Websites](https://aws.amazon.com/websites/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [By Industry](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Automotive](https://aws.amazon.com/automotive/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Digital
            Marketing](https://aws.amazon.com/digital-marketing/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Education](https://aws.amazon.com/education/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Enterprise
            Applications](https://aws.amazon.com/enterprise/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Financial
            Services](https://aws.amazon.com/financial-services/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Gaming](https://aws.amazon.com/gaming/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Government](https://aws.amazon.com/government-education/government/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Healthcare and Life
            Sciences](https://aws.amazon.com/health/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Media and
            Entertainment](https://aws.amazon.com/digital-media/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Nonprofit](https://aws.amazon.com/government-education/nonprofits/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Oil and Gas](https://aws.amazon.com/oil-and-gas/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Power and
            Utilities](https://aws.amazon.com/power-and-utilities/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Retail](https://aws.amazon.com/retail/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Telecommunications](https://aws.amazon.com/telecom/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [By Organization Type](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Enterprise](https://aws.amazon.com/enterprise/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Startups](https://aws.amazon.com/startups/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Public
            Sector](https://aws.amazon.com/government-education/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Pricing](javascript:void(0))
    -   [Learn About AWS
        Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [AWS Free Tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Optimize Your
        Costs](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/cost-optimization/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Calculate Your Costs](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Simple Monthly
            Calculator](https://calculator.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Total Cost
            Calculator](https://aws.amazon.com/tco-calculator/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Learn](javascript:void(0))
    -   [Introduction to AWS](javascript:void(0))
        -   [What is AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/what-is-aws/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [What is Cloud
            Computing](https://aws.amazon.com/what-is-cloud-computing/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Global
            Infrastructure](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Getting Started with AWS](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Getting Started Resource
            Center](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Training and Certification](javascript:void(0))
        -   [AWS Training](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [APN Partner
            Training](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/training/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS
            Certification](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS
            Academy](https://aws.amazon.com/training/awsacademy/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Developer Center](javascript:void(0))
        -   [AWS Developer
            Center](https://aws.amazon.com/developer/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Tools and
            SDKs](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/tools-sdks/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Developer
            Community](https://aws.amazon.com/developer/community/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Customer Success](javascript:void(0))
        -   [See All Customer
            Stories](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/case-studies/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/documentation/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Partner Network](javascript:void(0))
    -   [About the Partner Network](javascript:void(0))
        -   [About the Partner
            Network](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Partner
            Webinars](https://aws.amazon.com/webinars/partner-webinar-series/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Featured Partners and
            Stories](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/apn-journal/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Work with a Partner](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Find a
            Partner](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/find-a-partner/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Deploy with Quick
            Start](https://aws.amazon.com/quickstart/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Launch a Customer Ready
            Solution](https://aws.amazon.com/solutionspace/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Become a Partner](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Become a
            Partner](https://partnercentral.awspartner.com/AWS_Partner_Application?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Become a Consulting
            Partner](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/consulting/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Become a Technology
            Partner](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/technology/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Partner Success
            Stories](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/apn-journal/all/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Build as
            SaaS](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/saas-on-aws/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Grow as a Partner](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Join a Partner
            Program](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/programs/?nc2=h_ql_pa)
        -   [Login to APN
            Central](https://partnercentral.awspartner.com/SiteLogin?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Sign Up for
            Training](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/training/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [AWS Marketplace](javascript:void(0))
    -   [Operating
        Systems](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649367011?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Business
        Intelligence](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649336011?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Security](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649363011?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Databases](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649364011?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Networking](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649366011?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Dev
        Ops](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649279011?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Storage](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649337011?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Media](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/b/2649341011?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [See All](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Explore More](javascript:void(0))
    -   [Stay Connected](javascript:void(0))
        -   [AWS Blog](https://aws.amazon.com/blog/?nc2=h_ql_exm)
        -   [Events and
            Webinars](https://aws.amazon.com/events/?nc2=h_ql_exm)
        -   [AWS in the
            News](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/in-the-news/?nc2=h_ql_exm)
        -   [What's New](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc2=h_ql_exm)
        -   [re:Invent](https://reinvent.awsevents.com/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Resources](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Analyst
            Reports](https://aws.amazon.com/resources/analyst-reports/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Architecture
            Center](https://aws.amazon.com/architecture/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/documentation/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Whitepapers](https://aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS
            Education](https://aws.amazon.com/education/awseducate/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Helpful Links](javascript:void(0))
        -   [Knowledge
            Center](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Technical Product
            FAQ's](https://aws.amazon.com/faqs/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [Customer Support
            Center](https://console.aws.amazon.com/support/home?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Personal Health
            Dashboard](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/phd/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [How to Buy AWS for Public
            Sectors](https://aws.amazon.com/how-to-buy/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Professional & Managed Services](javascript:void(0))
        -   [AWS Professional
            Services](https://aws.amazon.com/professional-services/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Managed
            Services](https://aws.amazon.com/managed-services/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [Support](javascript:void(0))
        -   [AWS Support
            Plans](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/compare-plans/?nc2=h_mo)
        -   [AWS Trusted
            Advisor](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/trustedadvisor/?nc2=h_mo)
    -   [AWS is Hiring](https://aws.amazon.com/careers/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Contact Us](https://aws.amazon.com/contact-us/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Sign into
    Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/console/home?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Download the Mobile
    App](https://aws.amazon.com/console/mobile/?nc2=h_mo)

``` {aria-hidden="true" style="position: absolute; visibility: hidden; white-space: pre; font-family: AmazonEmber, "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 16px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: 400; word-spacing: 0px; letter-spacing: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-rendering: auto; text-transform: none;"}
```

-   [Products](https://aws.amazon.com/products/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Solutions](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Introduction to AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/what-is-aws/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Getting Started](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/documentation/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Training and
    Certification](https://aws.amazon.com/training/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Developer
    Center](https://aws.amazon.com/developer-center/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Customer
    Success](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/case-studies/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Partner Network](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/?nc2=h_mo)
-   [Support](https://console.aws.amazon.com/support/home?nc2=h_ql_cu)
-   [Log into Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/console/home)
-   [Download the Mobile App](https://aws.amazon.com/console/mobile/)

[Blog Home](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs) [Category 
**](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs) [Edition 
**](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs) [Follow 
**](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs)

#### Related Posts

-   [Using Amazon CloudFront and AWS Media
    Services](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/media/using-amazon-cloudfront-and-aws-media-services/?nc1=b_rp)
-   [Leveraging Lambda@Edge for AdTech: Cookie Syncing at the
    Edge](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/leveraging-lambda-at-edge-for-adtech-cookie-syncing-at-the-edge/?nc1=b_rp)
-   [Using Amazon CloudFront with Multi-Region Amazon S3
    Origins](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/apn/using-amazon-cloudfront-with-multi-region-amazon-s3-origins/?nc1=b_rp)
-   [New from the Networking & Content Delivery blog: Building a
    Serverless Subscription Service using
    Lambda@Edge](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/media/new-from-the-networking-content-delivery-blog-building-a-serverless-subscription-service-using-lambdaedge/?nc1=b_rp)
-   [Building a Serverless Subscription Service using
    Lambda@Edge](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/building-a-serverless-subscription-service-using-lambdaedge/?nc1=b_rp)
-   [Simple Serverless Video On Demand (VOD)
    Workflow](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/serverless-video-on-demand-vod-workflow/?nc1=b_rp)
-   [Protecting your API using Amazon API Gateway and AWS WAF — Part
    2](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/protecting-your-api-using-amazon-api-gateway-and-aws-waf-part-2/?nc1=b_rp)
-   [Global Data Ingestion with Amazon CloudFront and
    Lambda@Edge](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/global-data-ingestion-with-amazon-cloudfront-and-lambdaedge/?nc1=b_rp)

[Networking & Content Delivery](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/) {.lb-h5 .blog-title}
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Amazon S3 + Amazon CloudFront: A Match Made in the Cloud {.lb-h2 .blog-post-title property="name headline"}
========================================================

by Tomasz Stachlewski | on 27 JUN 2018 | in [Amazon
CloudFront](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/category/networking-content-delivery/amazon-cloudfront/ "View all posts in Amazon CloudFront"),
[AWS
CloudFormation](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/category/management-tools/aws-cloudformation/ "View all posts in AWS CloudFormation"),
[Networking & Content
Delivery](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/category/networking-content-delivery/ "View all posts in Networking & Content Delivery")
|
[Permalink](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/)
| [**
Comments](https://commenting.awsblogs.com/embed.html?disqus_shortname=networking-content-delivery&disqus_identifier=580&disqus_title=Amazon+S3+%2B+Amazon+CloudFront%3A+A+Match+Made+in+the+Cloud&disqus_url=https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/)
|
[ Share](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/#)

-   [](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/)
-   [](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet/?text=Amazon%20S3%20%2B%20Amazon%20CloudFront%3A%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud&via=awscloud&url=https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/)
-   [](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&title=Amazon%20S3%20%2B%20Amazon%20CloudFront%3A%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud&source=Amazon%20Web%20Services&summary=Come%20read%20how%20S3%20%26amp%3B%20CloudFront%20work%20together%20and%20then%20use%20the%20CloudFormation%20template%20provided%20within%20the%20blog%20to%20easily%20get%20started.%20The%20CloudFormation%20template%20creates%20an%20S3%20bucket%20and%20then%20adds%20a%20CloudFront%20distribution%20with%20Origin%20Access%20Identity%20to%20secure%20your%20origin.%20&url=https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/)
-   [](mailto:?subject=Amazon%20S3%20%2B%20Amazon%20CloudFront%3A%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud&body=Amazon%20S3%20%2B%20Amazon%20CloudFront%3A%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%0A%0Ahttps://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/)
-   

**Storing and Accelerating your Content while Increasing Security and Reducing Cost** {style="text-align: left"}
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### **Storing and Delivering your Content with Speed and Scale** {style="text-align: left"}

If you have a website, application, or another web resource, you
probably have static content. Static content includes files like images,
videos, or music, or even scripts like .css or js. In the pre-cloud era,
you would put those files on a standard server, and then serve them on
the internet to all of your viewers, across the globe, from one specific
geo location. But with cloud services, there’s a solution that provides
faster delivery and better scalability. In this blog post, you’ll learn
how to use [Amazon Simple Storage Service
(S3)](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) and [Amazon
CloudFront](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/) to store, secure, and
deliver your static content at scale. And to help you get started with
just a few clicks, we’ve included a CloudFormation template that can
quickly provision these services for you. (We’ll walk you through the
set up later.)

The first step is to store your content in a secure and scalable way. A
simple and flexible approach for static content that you want to make
available on the internet is to store it in an Amazon S3 “bucket.” S3 is
easy to set up and use, and is designed to store and retrieve any number
of files or objects from anywhere on the internet. It’s simple to use
and offers durable, highly available, and scalable data storage at low
cost.

When you put your content in an S3 bucket in the cloud, a lot of things
become much easier. First, you don’t need to plan for and allocate a
specific amount of storage space because S3 buckets scale automatically.
In addition, because S3 is a serverless service, you don’t need to
manage or patch servers that store files yourself; you just put and get
your content. Finally, even if you require a server for your application
(for example, because you have a dynamic application), the server can be
smaller because it doesn’t have to handle requests for static content.

Storing your static content with S3 provides a lot of advantages. But to
help optimize your application’s performance and security while
effectively managing cost, we recommend that you also set up Amazon
CloudFront to work with your S3 bucket to serve and protect the content.
CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) service that delivers
static and dynamic web content, video streams, and APIs around the
world, securely and at scale. By design, delivering data out of
CloudFront can be more cost effective than delivering it from S3
directly to your users.

CloudFront serves content through a worldwide network of data centers
called Edge Locations. Using edge servers to cache and serve content
improves performance by providing content closer to where viewers are
located. CloudFront has edge servers in locations all around the world,
as you can see from the following map:

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/Cloudfront-Map-whiteBG-1024x581.png)

When a user requests content that you serve with CloudFront, their
request is routed to a nearby Edge Location. If CloudFront has a cached
copy of the requested file, CloudFront delivers it to the user,
providing a fast (low-latency) response. If the file they’ve requested
isn’t yet cached, CloudFront retrieves it from your origin – for
example, the S3 bucket where you’ve stored your content. Then, for the
next local request for the same content, it’s already cached nearby and
can be served immediately.

By caching your content in Edge Locations, CloudFront reduces the load
on your S3 bucket and helps ensure a faster response for your users when
they request content. In addition, data transfer out for content by
using CloudFront is often more cost effective than serving files
directly from S3, and there is no data transfer fee from S3 to
CloudFront. You only pay for what is delivered to the internet from
CloudFront, plus request fees ([see the full pricing
information](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/pricing/)).

Even if you don’t want to cache content, for example, because you’re
serving dynamic content, CloudFront improves content delivery because
the Edge Locations establish and maintain connections closer to your
users. CloudFront also leverages the AWS global private network, a
separate backbone across the internet that helps bypass worldwide
networking issues to provide better performance for both static and
dynamic content.

A picture can help clarify how this works, so take a look at the
scenario shown in the following illustration. We’ve stored our content
in an S3 bucket located in a region in Europe, and we have users located
around the world who access that content. As the arrows show, whenever a
user requests content, the request must go over the public internet to
the source location–the S3 bucket in Europe. Depending on the user’s
location, this can take a long time. The delays might even cause some
user requests to bounce and return an error from the page.

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/2-1-1024x543.jpg)

Now imagine that we set up CloudFront with the S3 bucket. In the
following illustration, you can see that there are no longer requests
traversing the globe to get to our content. Instead, requests are routed
to the “least latent” Edge Location; that is, the closest in terms of
delivery speed. CloudFront then serves cached content quickly and
directly to the requesting user nearby, as shown with the green arrows.
If the content is not yet cached with an edge server, CloudFront
retrieves it from the S3 bucket origin. And because the content
traverses the AWS private network instead of the public internet and
CloudFront optimizes the TCP handshake, the request and content return
is still much faster than access across the public internet.

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/3-1024x559.jpg)

### **Securing Your Content**

Often, companies that distribute content over the internet want to
restrict access to documents, business data, media streams, or other
content so that only selected users, like paying customers, can request
it. By using CloudFront, we can set up additional access restrictions
like geo-restrictions, signed URLs, and signed cookies, to further
constrain access to the content following different criteria.

Another security feature of CloudFront is Origin Access Identity (OAI),
which restricts access to an S3 bucket and its content to only
CloudFront and operations it performs. The CloudFormation template in
this blog post includes OAI to help ensure that your content is
protected and restricted.

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/4-v-2.png)

 

CloudFront includes additional protection against malicious exploits. To
provide these safeguards, CloudFront integrates with both [AWS
WAF](https://aws.amazon.com/waf/), a web application firewall that helps
protect web applications from common web exploits, and [AWS
Shield](https://aws.amazon.com/shield/), a managed DDoS protection
service for web applications running on AWS. AWS WAF lets you control
access to your content, based on conditions that you specify, such as IP
addresses or the query string value on a content request. CloudFront
then responds with either the requested content, if the conditions are
met, or with an HTTP 403 status code (Forbidden). All CloudFront
customers benefit from the automatic protection of AWS Shield Standard,
at no additional charge. But customers who want deeper insights,
enhanced mitigations, and cost protections against DDoS attacks can use
[AWS Shield Advanced](https://aws.amazon.com/shield/tiers/).

### **Getting Started**

To make setting up S3 and CloudFront as turnkey as possible, we’ve
created two CloudFormation templates for you to use to get started. The
first template – Template A – creates a new S3 bucket and then adds a
CloudFront distribution with Origin Access Identity (OAI) to restrict
access to the bucket only through CloudFront. The second template –
Template B – creates a new CloudFront distribution that you can assign
to an existing S3 bucket where you may be storing web content and choose
whether to apply OAI to secure that content.

***Follow these steps to replicate the setup in your own environment:***

**1)** Sign into the console then click the appropriate Launch Stack
button depending on your use case. This will launch a CloudFormation
stack in your AWS account. Note that the stack will launch in the N.
Virginia (us-east-1) region.

**Stack
A**  [![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/5-1.jpg)](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=cloudfrontfors3&templateURL=https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/tomash-public/AWS/s3bucket_with_cloudfront.yml) –
Launch a new S3 Bucket and new CloudFront Distribution

**Stack** **B**
[![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/5-1.jpg)](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=cloudfrontfors3&templateURL=https:%2F%2Fs3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com%2Ftomash-public%2FAWS%2Fexisting_s3bucket_with_cloudfront.yaml) –
Launch a new CloudFront Distribution to an existing S3 Bucket

 

**2-A)** If you chose Stack A, move through the wizard, and then choose
the Create button at the last step. It typically takes about 15 minutes
for the CloudFormation stack creation to finish. You might want to take
a short break while it’s running, and then come back to continue.

**2-B)** If you chose Stack B, choose whether or not you’d like OAI
applied to your S3 bucket then type in the name of the S3 bucket at
which you’d like to point your CloudFront distribution. You can find the
name of your current S3 buckets in the S3 console.

**3)** After the status in CloudFormation changes to CREATE\_COMPLETE,
select the stack, and then choose the Outputs tab. Make a note of two
values listed here: your S3 bucket name (e.g., S3BucketName) and your
CloudFront domain name – if Stack A: CfDistributionDomainName, if Stack
B with OAI enabled: CfDistributionDomainNameWithOAI, If Stack B without
OAI:  CfDistributionDomainName. You’ll use them later to test access to
your file.

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/6-v3.jpg)

**4)** Open the S3 console, and then upload an image file to the S3
bucket that CloudFormation created. In this example, I’ve uploaded a
file called image.jpg.

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/7-v3.jpg)

**5)** Afte the file uploads, choose the URL to access the file. If you
selected to use the OAI functionality, files in the bucket are not
publicly accessible directly from S3, so you’ll see a message similar to
the following
screenshot.![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/8-v-2.png)

**6)** Type the URL to access the file using the CloudFront distribution
domain name instead. Use the CloudFront distribution value that you
copied in step number 3 and then append the name of the file that you
added to your S3 bucket in Step 4. In this example, you can see that I
uploaded an image of my dog named Java. Because CloudFront has OAI
access configured for the S3 bucket, you can access the image when you
use a CloudFront URL.

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/9-v-2.png)

**7)** Finally, update any code and web properties that reference this
content with the new CloudFront URL.

### Tracking Performance

Using the CloudFormation template, we created an S3 bucket, and then
added CloudFront to access the S3 content. But is adding CloudFront
worth the extra steps? Let’s see if there were performance improvements
when we view the image from different locations around the globe. To
check this, I’ll use an online platform that measures site and content
load times from different geographic locations.

My S3 bucket origin is located in the N. Virginia region. To compare the
results of serving files with and without CloudFront, I created an S3
bucket that has the same image in the same region, but did not add
CloudFront. As the following chart shows, I tested load times from three
locations: Sweden (Stockholm), USA (New York), and Australia
(Melbourne).

![](./Amazon%20S3%20+%20Amazon%20CloudFront_%20A%20Match%20Made%20in%20the%20Cloud%20_%20Networking%20&%20Content%20Delivery_files/10-1024x354.jpg)

In each location, I performed four trials. Typically, the first GET
request for content with CloudFront is a little faster than the same
request without CloudFront; but each GET request after that is much
faster. That’s due to caching. The file being served from my S3 bucket
is cached after the first GET request, and is now already stored in the
edge location closest to where I’m performing my test. Sometimes the
file is returned 100 times faster!

Wasn’t that straightforward? I hope that now you can see how simple it
is to set up CloudFront with S3, and get two great benefits: 1) increase
the performance of your applications by serving content much faster to
your users and 2) expand the security of your application with the
security features of CloudFront. Oh, and it’s worth repeating that the
price for transferring data from CloudFront to the internet is often
lower than from S3 to the internet, so you might even lower your AWS
bill!

TAGS: [Amazon
CloudFront](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/tag/amazon-cloudfront/),
[Amazon Simple Storage Service
(S3)](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/tag/amazon-simple-storage-service-s3/),
[Networking & Content
Delivery](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/tag/networking-content-delivery/)

[** View
Comments](https://commenting.awsblogs.com/embed.html?disqus_shortname=networking-content-delivery&disqus_identifier=580&disqus_title=Amazon+S3+%2B+Amazon+CloudFront%3A+A+Match+Made+in+the+Cloud&disqus_url=https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/)

### Resources {#Resources .lb-txt-none .lb-h3 .lb-title style="margin-top:30px;"}

[Networking
Products](https://aws.amazon.com/products/networking?sc_ichannel=ha&sc_icampaign=acq_awsblogsb&sc_icontent=networking-resources)
[Getting
Started](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started?sc_ichannel=ha&sc_icampaign=acq_awsblogsb&sc_icontent=networking-resources)
[What’s
New](https://aws.amazon.com/new?sc_ichannel=ha&sc_icampaign=acq_awsblogsb&sc_icontent=networking-resources)
[Amazon
CloudFront](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront?sc_ichannel=ha&sc_icampaign=acq_awsblogsb&sc_icontent=networking-resources)

* * * * *

### Follow {#Follow .lb-txt-none .lb-h3 .lb-title}

[** Twitter](https://twitter.com/awscloud)
[** Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/amazonwebservices)
[** LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/amazon-web-services/)
[** Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/aws) [** Email
Updates](https://pages.awscloud.com/communication-preferences?sc_ichannel=ha&sc_icampaign=acq_awsblogsb&sc_icontent=news-social)

[](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/media/using-amazon-cloudfront-and-aws-media-services/?nc1=b_nrp)

Using Amazon CloudFront and AWS Media…

**

[Sign In to the Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/console/home)

-   [**  Twitter](https://twitter.com/awscloud?nc1=f_so_tw)
-   [**
     Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/amazonwebservices?nc1=f_so_fb)
-   [**  Podcast](https://aws.amazon.com/podcasts/aws-podcast/)
-   [**  Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/aws)
-   [**  AWS Blog](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/)
-   [**  RSS News Feed](https://aws.amazon.com/new/feed/)
-   [**  Email
    Updates](https://pages.awscloud.com/communication-preferences?trk=homepage)

AWS & Cloud Computing

-   [What is Cloud
    Computing?](https://aws.amazon.com/what-is-cloud-computing/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [What is Caching?](https://aws.amazon.com/caching/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [What is NoSQL?](https://aws.amazon.com/nosql/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [What is
    DevOps?](https://aws.amazon.com/devops/what-is-devops/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [What is Docker?](https://aws.amazon.com/docker/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [Products & Services](https://aws.amazon.com/products/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [Customer
    Success](https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/case-studies/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [Economics Center](https://aws.amazon.com/economics/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [Architecture Center](https://aws.amazon.com/architecture/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [Security Center](https://aws.amazon.com/security/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [What's New](https://aws.amazon.com/new/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [Whitepapers](https://aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [AWS Blog](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/)
-   [Events](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/events/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [Sustainable
    Energy](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/sustainability/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [Press
    Releases](http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=176060&p=irol-newsWebServices&nc1=f_cc)
-   [AWS in the News](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/in-the-news/)
-   [Analyst
    Reports](https://aws.amazon.com/resources/analyst-reports/?nc1=f_cc)
-   [Legal](https://aws.amazon.com/legal/?nc1=f_cc)

Solutions

-   [Websites & Website
    Hosting](https://aws.amazon.com/websites/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Business
    Applications](https://aws.amazon.com/business-applications/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Backup & Recovery](https://aws.amazon.com/backup-restore/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Disaster
    Recovery](https://aws.amazon.com/disaster-recovery/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Data Archive](https://aws.amazon.com/archive/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [DevOps](https://aws.amazon.com/devops/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Serverless Computing](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Big Data](https://aws.amazon.com/big-data/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [High Performance Computing](https://aws.amazon.com/hpc/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Mobile Services](https://aws.amazon.com/mobile/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Digital
    Marketing](https://aws.amazon.com/digital-marketing/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Game Development](https://aws.amazon.com/gaming/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Digital Media](https://aws.amazon.com/digital-media/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Government &
    Education](https://aws.amazon.com/government-education/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Health](https://aws.amazon.com/health/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Financial
    Services](https://aws.amazon.com/financial-services/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Windows on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/windows/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Retail](https://aws.amazon.com/retail/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Power &
    Utilities](https://aws.amazon.com/power-and-utilities/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Oil & Gas](https://aws.amazon.com/oil-and-gas/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Automotive](https://aws.amazon.com/automotive/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Blockchain](https://aws.amazon.com/blockchain/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Manufacturing](https://aws.amazon.com/manufacturing/?nc1=f_dr)

Resources & Training

-   [Developers](https://aws.amazon.com/tools/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Java on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/java/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [JavaScript on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/javascript/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Mobile on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/mobile/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [PHP on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/php/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Python on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/python/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Ruby on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/ruby/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [.NET on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/net/)
-   [SDKs & Tools](https://aws.amazon.com/tools/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [AWS
    Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/ref=mkt_ste_dev_resources_ftr?nc1=f_dr)
-   [User Groups](https://aws.amazon.com/usergroups/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Support Plans](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Service Health Dashboard](http://status.aws.amazon.com/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Discussion
    Forums](https://forums.aws.amazon.com/index.jspa?nc1=f_dr)
-   [FAQs](https://aws.amazon.com/faqs/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/documentation/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Articles & Tutorials](https://aws.amazon.com/articles/?nc1=f_dr)
-   [Quick Starts](https://aws.amazon.com/quickstart/?nc1=f_dr)

Manage Your Account

-   [Management Console](https://aws.amazon.com/console/?nc1=f_m)
-   [Billing & Cost
    Management](https://console.aws.amazon.com/billing/home?nc1=f_m)
-   [Subscribe to
    Updates](https://pages.awscloud.com/communication-preferences.html)
-   [Personal
    Information](https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/account/index.html?action=edit-aws-profile&nc1=f_m)
-   [Payment
    Method](https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/account/index.html?action=edit-payment-method&nc1=f_m)
-   [AWS Identity & Access
    Management](https://aws.amazon.com/iam/?nc1=f_m)
-   [Security
    Credentials](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?action=access-key&nc1=f_m)
-   [Request Service Limit
    Increases](https://console.aws.amazon.com/support/home#/case/create?issueType=service-limit-increase)
-   [Contact Us](https://aws.amazon.com/contact-us/?nc1=f_m)

**Amazon Web Services is Hiring.**

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a dynamic, growing business unit within
Amazon.com. We are currently hiring Software Development Engineers,
Product Managers, Account Managers, Solutions Architects, Support
Engineers, System Engineers, Designers and more. Visit our
[careers](https://aws.amazon.com/careers/?nc1=f_hi) page to learn more.

 

Amazon.com is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer –
Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual
Orientation.\

 

 

[An amazon.com company](http://www.amazon.com/)

-   Language
-   [Deutsch](https://aws.amazon.com/de/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=f_ls)
-   [English](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=f_ls)
-   [Español](https://aws.amazon.com/es/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=f_ls)
-   [Français](https://aws.amazon.com/fr/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=f_ls)
-   [Italiano](https://aws.amazon.com/it/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=f_ls)
-   [Português](https://aws.amazon.com/pt/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=f_ls)
-   [Ρусский](https://aws.amazon.com/ru/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=f_ls)
-   [日本語](https://aws.amazon.com/jp/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=f_ls)
-   [한국어](https://aws.amazon.com/ko/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=f_ls)
-   [中文
    (简体)](https://aws.amazon.com/cn/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=f_ls)
-   [中文
    (繁體)](https://aws.amazon.com/tw/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=f_ls)

-   [Site Terms](https://aws.amazon.com/terms/?nc1=f_pr)
-   |
-   [Privacy](https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/?nc1=f_pr)

© 2018, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights
reserved.

![](//amazonwebservices.d2.sc.omtrdc.net/b/ss/awsamazonalldev2/1/H.25.1--NS/0)

-   [Deutsch](https://aws.amazon.com/de/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=h_ls)
-   [Français](https://aws.amazon.com/fr/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=h_ls)
-   [Italiano](https://aws.amazon.com/it/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=h_ls)
-   [Português](https://aws.amazon.com/pt/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=h_ls)

-   [Ρусский](https://aws.amazon.com/ru/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=h_ls)
-   [日本語](https://aws.amazon.com/jp/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=h_ls)
-   [한국어](https://aws.amazon.com/ko/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=h_ls)
-   [中文
    (简体)](https://aws.amazon.com/cn/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=h_ls)
-   [中文
    (繁體)](https://aws.amazon.com/tw/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/amazon-s3-amazon-cloudfront-a-match-made-in-the-cloud/?nc1=h_ls)

-   [AWS Management Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/?nc2=h_m_mc)
-   [Account
    Settings](https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/manageYourAccount?nc2=h_m_ma)
-   [Billing & Cost
    Management](https://console.aws.amazon.com/billing/home?nc2=h_m_bc)
-   [Security
    Credentials](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?nc2=h_m_sc#security_credential)
-   [AWS Personal Health
    Dashboard](https://phd.aws.amazon.com/?nc2=h_m_sc)

[News](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/)
[Podcast](https://aws.amazon.com/podcasts/aws-podcast/?sc_ichannel=ha&sc_icampaign=acq_awsblognav&sc_icontent=categorynav)

* * * * *

[Architecture](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/) [AWS
Abby](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/deardevopsabby/) [AWS Partner
Network](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/apn/) [AWS
Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/awsmarketplace/) [Big
Data](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/) [Business
Productivity](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/business-productivity/)
[Contact Center](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/contact-center/)
[Compute](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/)
[Database](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/) [Desktop and
Application
Streaming](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/desktop-and-application-streaming/)
[Developer](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/developer/)
[DevOps](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/devops/) [Enterprise
Strategy](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/enterprise-strategy/) [Game
Tech](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/gametech/) [Internet of
Things](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/iot/) [Machine
Learning](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/machine-learning/) [Management
Tools](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/)
[Media](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/media/) [Messaging &
Targeting](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/messaging-and-targeting/)
[Mobile](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile/) [Networking & Content
Delivery](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/)
[Open Source](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/) [Public
Sector](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/publicsector/)
[SAP](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/awsforsap/) [Security, Identity, &
Compliance](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/)
[Startups](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/startups/)

[China Edition](https://aws.amazon.com/cn/blogs/china/) [Germany
Edition](http://aws.typepad.com/awsaktuell/) [Japan
Edition](https://aws.amazon.com/jp/blogs/news/) [Korea
Edition](https://aws.amazon.com/ko/blogs/korea/) [Portuguese
Edition](https://aws.amazon.com/pt/blogs/aws-brasil/) [Russian
Edition](https://aws.amazon.com/ru/blogs/rus/) [Spanish
Edition](https://aws.amazon.com/es/blogs/aws-spanish/) [US
Edition](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/)

[Mailing
List](https://pages.awscloud.com/communication-preferences?sc_ichannel=ha&sc_icampaign=multi_emailoptin&sc_isegment=en&sc_iplace=fl-nav&sc_icontent=subscribe_for_updates&trkCampaign=EmailOptin&trk=blog)
[RSS Feed](http://feeds.feedburner.com/AmazonWebServicesBlog) [AWS
Podcast](https://aws.amazon.com/podcasts/aws-podcast/?sc_ichannel=ha&sc_icampaign=acq_awsblognav&sc_icontent=follownav)
